Unit 5 Project:

Step 1: Define Your Audience/Tone

Who will visit your site? Potential employers? New clients or customers?…….. customers, potential visitors, potential business consumers
What can make you and/or your product stand out against your competitors? ……… the location of the vineyard and also their award winning wines 
How would you speak to your clientele if you were communicating in person? How could you translate that style and tone digitally?……… down to earth and welcoming. the vineyard is like an experience so in a way that most markets the relaxing ambiance and scenic vineyard while sipping a glass of excellent wine
What colors represent you or your product? ………… the greens of the vineyard, the purples of the grapes, browns and taupes of the earth, the blue skies
What images illustrate your message? a background picture of rolling hills on the vineyard on a beautiful day and a small table with filled wine glasses in the front

Step 2: Identify Content

What are the three-to-five pages titled?…………. Home, About Us, Wines, Wine Club, Events
What will be the purpose for each?……….. To encourage tasting room traffic, promote upcoming events, provide a way for customers to buy wine and gifts online, etc
What should each page contain? Will there be textual content? Or just images?………. Some text but mostly images of the venue and products available


Step 3: Create a logo

Based on the perception you want to create for your brand, design three variations of your logo. Your logo could be an image, a symbol, a wordmark, or a stylized version of your page name. Save the logo as a .png file……… (in progress)


Step 4: Create a style guide

Using design software, experiment with different fonts and styles you’d like to use. Keep in mind the fundamentals of typography and visual design, such as hierarchy and contrast…….   see typography doc


Step 5: Create/Update sketches

Using primitives, i.e. lines and basic shapes, create or update wireframes for your project. Make sure the sketches demonstrate focal point, hierarchy, and balance across different grid-based layouts………. see image of initial sketch of layout









———————————————————————————————————————————
Remember to incorporate boxes for your nav, header, footer, and body.

Step 6: Upload and Submit all your files in a zip

The final deliverable should be a .zip file containing:

Document of steps 1 and 2
Images of your logo as .png files
A style guide, either as an image or document
Wireframe files or sketch images as .pdf, .jpg or .gif files